### WeCommitToMaster
* * *

**Type of Meeting Held:** Brainstorming Meeting | **Date**: 4/17/2021 | **Meeting Start Time**: 3:00 p.m. PST | **Place of Meeting:** Zoom Call  </br>

**Present:** Pourya Joulapour, Berkeley Erwin, Josh Dreben, Rosey Bugayong, Tyler Ng, Vanessa Chen, Samuel Kent, Tanay Reddy </br>

**Absent:** Vanessa Chen

* * * 

 ### Agenda


 #### Unresolved Issues From the Previous Meeting
> * None

 #### New Issues to be Discussed
> * Discuss Roles
> * Discuss Big Ideas We Want to Implment into the Project

#### Issues on the Agenda but not Discussed
> * None

* * * 

#### Decisions Made/Summary
> 1. Josh will be the mentor for the developers. He will be helping them out if they need more guidance on how to implement a certain feature, make a certain decision with regards to a specific design, etc. This decision was made because out of everyone in the group he has substantial experience with both front-end and back-end web dev.
> 2. We won't switch roles too often as a way to prevent chaos. We decided that switching roles might be done every two weeks, we might switch roles but that still depends on the progress of the project and how people are feeling with regards to their roles in the group.
> 3. We discussed target customers for our app and decided that either college or high school students might be good candidates for our app as they are usually the ones that need organization a lot to succeed.
> 4. We also discussed programmers as being another good candidate for our app.
> 5. Some suggestions with regards to the features include the following:
> * Having a different notebook for each task. For instance, one notebook for general things, one notebook for classes, etc.</br>
> * Getting the basic features done and then worry about other features. The basic features include the ones posted on the bullet journaling website, the website created by the person who introduced the idea. The link of the website is posted to the links channel. 
> * Finding a specific audience before deciding what kind of features we want to implement.
> * A search bar, tags, and filter functions might help the user with finding things. For instance, having a tag for assignments might be very helpful for college students.
> * Modularity (Core Blocks) is really important for the project. Basically, having a general place where everything happens there. For instance, a small window where the user can add, cross out, or transfer notes is a great example of that.
> * Miro will be used for our design process.


* * * 
**Meeting End Time:** 4:00 p.m PST


