### WeCommitToMaster

* * *

**Type of Meeting Held:** Weekly Meeting | **Date**: 5/08/2021 | **Meeting Start Time**: 3:00 p.m. PST | **Place of Meeting:** Zoom Call  </br>

**Present:** Pourya Joulapour, Berkeley Erwin, Josh Dreben, Rosey Bugayong, Tyler Ng, Vanessa Chen, Samuel Kent, Tanay Reddy </br>

**Absent:** 

* * *

### Agenda

> * Daily Standup Meetings
> * Sprint and retrospective meetings

#### Unresolved Issues From the Previous Meeting

> * None

#### New Issues to be Discussed

> * CI setup/use 

#### Issues on the Agenda but not Discussed

> * None

* * *

#### Decisions Made/Summary

> * There's gonna be 3 sprint meetings, starting next Friday, Saturday or Sunday
> * Pitch went well, need update wireframe and high-fidelity design: Tanay already did
> * We can start coding: Josh said he would create a skeleton project for the devs plus update his Bujo demo to give the devs more NextJS examples
> * Vanessa will take care of the design/color scheme of the journal
> * Tyler pretty much setup CI and is going to take care of the pipeline video
> * Talked about an excersie to get the git muscles up and running
> * Considiering doing pair programming professor mentioned in class

* * *
**Meeting End Time:** 3:30 p.m PST
