### WeCommitToMaster

* * *

**Type of Meeting Held:** Sprint 2 Meeting | **Date**: 5/22/2021 | **Meeting Start Time**: 3:00 p.m. PST | **Place of Meeting:** Zoom Call  </br>

**Present:** Pourya Joulapour, Berkeley Erwin, Rosey Bugayong, Tyler Ng, Tanay Reddy </br>

**Absent:** Josh Dreben, Vanessa Chen, Samuel Kent

* * *

### Agenda

> * Sprint Review 2

#### Unresolved Issues From the Previous Meeting

> * None

#### New Issues to be Discussed

> * Feedback on work so far to see what has been accomplished and how everyone is doing

#### Issues on the Agenda but not Discussed

> * None

* * *

#### Summary of Progress


> * Tanay - Doing well on progress and scheduling a meeting with Josh to complete more work.
> * Tyler - Was wondering if we should implement JSDocs as it may be more work. Could use some help CI/CD Pipeline. 
> * Rosey - Doing well and met with Vanessa and got progress in.
> * If possible create ADRs based on decisions that come up.
> * Reminder to commit to master and not main with pull requests.

* * *
**Meeting End Time:** 3:30 p.m PST
