### WeCommitToMaster

* * *

**Type of Meeting Held:** Weekly Meeting | **Date**: 5/29/2021 | **Meeting Start Time**: 3:00 p.m. PST | **Place of Meeting:** Zoom Call  </br>

**Present:** Pourya Joulapour, Berkeley Erwin, Josh Dreben, Rosey Bugayong, Tyler Ng, Vanessa Chen, Samuel Kent, Tanay Reddy </br>

**Absent:** 

* * *

### Agenda

> * Getting updates from everyone
> * Deciding on a time for the second retrospective meeting

#### Unresolved Issues From the Previous Meeting

> * None

#### New Issues to be Discussed

> * Potential new features

#### Issues on the Agenda but not Discussed

> * None

* * *

#### Decisions Made/Summary

> * Sam has worked with Josh on adding new years and also the settings. He is now able to help others if necessary.
> * Josh has worked on local storage and the backend is pretty much done. He has also helped Rosey and Vanessa on header and index. He only needs time to work on styling.
> * Berkeley has been working with Tyler for the testing part. He also reviews pull requests just to make sure that there are two sets of eyes chekcing everything.
> * Tanay worked with Josh to get the entries part done. That part is ready.
> * Vanessa worked with Josh and Rosey and finished the header and index.
> * Talked about making the adding year/delete year more difficult to use/find so that users don't accidently delete or add a year.
> * Since we are pretty much done, at this point, any suggestions regarding adding a resonable feature will be taken into consideration.

* * *
**Meeting End Time:** 3:30 p.m PST

